[4.3.0] Update VS Code docs (#555)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-an-api.md

# Create a REST API

> Follow the instructions given below to create a new REST API artifact in the Micro Integrator for Visual Studio Code extension (MI for VS Code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions below to create a new REST API artifact in the Micro Integrator for Visual Studio Code extension (MI for VS Code).
```

## Instructions

### Create the API artifact

{!includes/creating-project.md!}

3. Go to **Micro Integrator Project Explorer** > **APIs**.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/create-rest-api.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/create-rest-api.png" alt="Create REST API" width="30%"></a>

> 4. Hover over **APIs** and click the **+** icon that appears to open the below **Synapse API Artifact** creation form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Hover over **APIs** and click the **+** icon that appears to open the **Synapse API Artifact** creation form below.
```

    In the interface that opens, provide details for the synapse API artifact.
    
     <table>
        <thead>
           <tr>
              <th>Parameter</th>
              <th>Description</th>
           </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
           <tr>
              <td>Name</td>
              <td>Name of the synapse API artifact.</td>
           </tr>
           <tr>
              <td>Context</td>
              <td>The context for the REST API. For example, <code>/healthcare</code>. 
              <div class="admonition note">
              <p class="admonition-title">Note</p>
              <p>
              <ul>
                 <li>It is not recommended to use the same API context in multiple APIs. The API context should be unique for each API.</li>
                 <li>It is also not recommended to use <code>/service</code> as API context because it is preserved for Proxy services.</li>
              </ul>
              </p>
              </div>
              </td>
           </tr>
           <tr>
         <td>Generate API From</td>
         <td>
             Select one of the given options:
             <ul>

>                  <li>None: This option is selected by default. Use this option if you want to create a new REST API artifact from scratch.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 <li>None: This option is selected by default. Use it to create a new REST API artifact from scratch.</li>
```

>                  <li>From OpenAPI definition: Select this option if you want to generate the REST API artifact from an existing Swagger definition (YAML/JSON file). That is, the synapse configuration (XML) of the REST API will be generated using the Swagger definition.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 <li>From OpenAPI definition: Select this option to generate the REST API artifact from an existing Swagger definition (YAML/JSON file). The Synapse configuration (XML) of the REST API will be generated using the Swagger definition.</li>
```

                 <li>From WSDL file: Select this option to generate Synapse API from a WSDL endpoint.</li>
             </ul>
         </td>
         </tr>
        </tbody>
     </table>

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/create-new-rest-api.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/create-new-rest-api.png" alt="Create new rest API" width="80%"></a>

    <br/>

    - If you selected **None** in the previous step, you can start creating an API from scratch.

    -  If you selected **From OpenAPI definition** in the previous step, enter the details of your custom Swagger file:

> 

Reviewer: Click <b>Select Location</b> and select a file for OpenAPI definition. This is a required field. -> 

 Click <b>Select Location</b> and select a file for OpenAPI definition. This field is required.

                </td>
            </tr>
        </table>

        <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/generate-api-from-openapi-definition.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/generate-api-from-openapi-definition.png" alt="generate API from openAPI definition" width="80%"></a>

    - If you selected **From WSDL file** in the previous step, enter the following information:

> 

Reviewer: Browse and select the WSDL File or Zip file that has a valid WSDL file. ->

Browse and select the WSDL file or ZIP file that contains a valid WSDL file.

          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>SOAP Endpoint</td>
            <td>Give the actual SOAP Backend URL. (This should return a valid WSDL when invoked with <code>?wsdl</code>.)</td>
          </tr>
        </tbody>
        </table>

        <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/generate-api-from-wsdl-file.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/generate-api-from-wsdl-file.png" alt="generate API from wsdl file" width="80%"></a>

> 

Reviewer: production-ready

### Use the Source View

Click the **Show Source** (`</>`) icon located in the top right corner of the VS Code to view the XML-based synapse configuration (source code) of the API.

<a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/mi-for-vscode/qsg/show-source-view.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/mi-for-vscode/qsg/show-source-view.png" alt="Show source view" width="30%"></a>

You can update the API using this view.

<a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/source-view.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/source-view.png" alt="source view" width="80%"></a>

### Use the Swagger View

1. Go to **Service Designer**.

2. Click **OpenAPI Spec** to view the API definition of your API.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/open-api-spec.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/open-api-spec.png" alt="OpenAPI spec" width="80%"></a>

You can interact with the API using the **Swagger View**.

!!! Note

>     If you have added a custom Swagger definition to the API, note that this view displays the API's default Swagger definition and not the custom Swagger definition that you added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have added a custom Swagger definition to the API, note that this view displays the API's default Swagger definition, not the custom Swagger definition that you added.
```
